Woty 2021 (#604)
OctopusDeploy/blog: blog/2021-12/best-webinars-of-2021/index.md

---
title: Our most popular webinars in 2021
description: Join us as we list out our favorite webinars of 2021. 
author: derek.campbell@octopus.com
visibility: public
published: 2021-12-20-1400
metaImage: webinar.png
bannerImage: webinar.png
bannerImageAlt: Webinar of the year
tags:
 - Company
 - Community
 - Webinar
---

This year at Octopus, we hosted webinars on a wide variety of topics. Hosting webinars is a fun way to share our knowledge and deep dive into topics for our customers and the broader DevOps community. 

> In this post, I share my favorite webinars to keep you company if you're working through the holiday period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this post, I share our favorite and most popular webinars to keep you company if you're working through the holiday period.
```

- How you can integrate both for a fully-managed CI/CD pipeline in the cloud

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/5o3uBES2-i8" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Using the Octopus API to save time by automating repetitive tasks

Octopus Deploy is designed as an API-first application meaning anything you can do in the Octopus Web Portal, you can do with the REST API.   

In this webinar, we demonstrated how the Octopus REST API can save you time by automating repetitive tasks. 

We covered the following topics: 

- An overview of the Octopus API and why it’s useful 
- How to manage access with API keys  
- Different ways to make API calls (Octopus.Client, CLI, custom scripts in the language of your choice) 
- How to save time by automating custom or repetitive tasks

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ACb2sHWoZto" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Summary

We ran some world-class webinars in 2021 that we're really proud of. I'm excited about what we're going to do in 2022 with great new people on the team, new features, and interesting things we're aiming to do in the community.

> Our pipeline for the first quarter of 2021 is already looking full, but if you have an idea for a webinar you'd like to see, or improvements we can make with out webinars, please email us at [webinars@octopus.com](mailto:webinars@octopus.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our pipeline for the first quarter of 2021 is already looking full, but if you have an idea for a webinar you'd like to see, or improvements we can make with our webinars, please email us at [webinars@octopus.com](mailto:webinars@octopus.com).
```
